The goal of this simulator is to find the most effective traffic light patterns and speed limits in a world with real people with real schedules and jobs for an average bussiness day.

For the purpose of realism all roads will be given an cost based on number of lanes. Freeways are an additional cost. The simulation will take the budget given and build the most opptimised city to fit that budget. The exact balance of all the roadays relative to each other will take research.

Any citizen living in any part of the city should be able to work any job.

Core Elements

-Individual People
	Everyone is unique. Each person ahs their own scheduel their own time frame. 
	Main Feilds
		Address
		Work Place
		Schedule (8am-5pm) who knows?

-Realistic Roadways
	Cars can not clip through each other
	In this utopia everyone drives the speelimit
	The speedlimit for every road way will is as follows 
		2 lane residential, 25 mph 3$
		2 lane one way, 40 mph (cheap road) 3$
		3 lane one way, 50 mph (cheap road) 4$
		4 lane, 45 mph 5$
		6 lane, 50 mph 7$
		freeway 8 lanes, 75 mph 9$
		
	Main Feilds
		Number of Lanes
		
-The Freeway
	The freeway is a must have in this world of real people. One does not simply get to work on residential roads. The generation of the freeway will be the most difficult part of this experiment
	Main Feilds
		Start Points
		End Points
		Every other bend in the road
		Branches
		
		Number of Lanes
-City Generation
	The city will be generated on the basis of a few perameters.
	The majority of jobs are near the center (down town) but jobs are still spread accross the city
	It will be in a grid structure
	
Addtional Notes

Types of Intersections

4 way light
3 way light
4 way stop
3 way stop
freeway merge (Queue until gap then join at speed)
freeway exit (immediate)

Expansive Elements

Weekly schedule
Non working people, children going to school & day care
Special Events, holidays & sports
Intercity travel/tourism
Uneven city, not a perfect grid.
Lunch Break
Driver Error


*Alternate Idea
Generate a city using only subways, buses, and sidewalks opposed to residential streets and freeways.





TO:DO;
1. Road Costs (Relative)
2. PHX popluation densities
3. PHX job densities